= Repository

== Description

Abstracts a file storage system. 

=== FileSystem
Including FileSystem class will mix in methods for accessing a file
system.   All path designations are made with arrays, referenced from
a common root, where each array element corresponds to a path segment.
The class handles joining the segments with the appropriate seperator
for the file system being used.  You should override the ROOT constant
appropriately, depending on where you want your repository to live.
Check out the code for more detail.

== Installation

    sudo gem install kelredd-repository --source http://gems.github.com

== Usage

    require 'rubygems'
    require 'repository/file_system'
    Repository::FileSystem::ROOT = "/some/path/to/a/repo"
    
    
    (mixes in all kinds of helper methods for dealing with files and paths at above root)
    include FileSystem

== License

Copyright (c) <year> <copyright holders>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
